README.md, before:

# Vue Mastery Journey 🌟  
*A thrilling expedition into the Vue.js landscape*

## About the Repository  
This repository is a personal showcase of my transition from React to Vue.js. It features several Frontend Mentor challenges built using **Vue 3**, inspired by **Net Ninja's tutorials** and **W3Schools**.  

These projects highlight my journey of mastering Vue.js fundamentals like:  
- Directives  
- Forms and validation  
- Single-File Components (SFCs)  
- Vue Router and routing basics  

Each challenge in this repository is designed to be functional, responsive, and visually appealing, showcasing my skills in frontend development.

---

## Deployed Projects 🚀  
Each challenge is deployed and accessible online. Explore the live sites to see my work in action:  


## Learning Resources 📚  
This journey has been powered by:  
1. [Net Ninja's Vue.js Tutorials](https://www.youtube.com/@NetNinja)  
2. [W3Schools Vue Documentation](https://www.w3schools.com/vue/)  
3. [Frontend Mentor Challenges](https://www.frontendmentor.io/)  

---

## Folder Structure 🗂️  
Each project in this repository follows a simple and consistent structure:  

```plaintext
vue-ventures/
├── README.md            # Main repository documentation
├── challenge-1/         # First challenge
│   ├── public/          # Static assets
│   ├── src/             # Vue.js source files
│   ├── vue.config.js    # Vue.js configuration
│   ├── package.json     # Project dependencies
│   └── dist/            # Build folder for deployment
└── challenge-n/         # More challenges
```

---

## Goals 🎯  
This repository serves as a foundation for my growth as a Vue.js developer. My goals include:  
- Mastering basic Vue.js concepts and SFCs  
- Creating accessible and responsive user interfaces  
- Transitioning smoothly to advanced concepts like the **Composition API** and **Vuex**  
- Building robust, scalable web applications  

---

## How to Run Locally 🛠️  
Clone this repository and navigate to any challenge folder to run locally:  

```bash
git clone https://github.com/CHEGEBB/vue-ventures.git
cd vue-ventures/challenge-1
npm install
npm run serve
```

---

## Acknowledgments ❤️  
Big thanks to:  
- **Net Ninja** for concise and comprehensive Vue tutorials  
- **Frontend Mentor** for realistic challenges  
- **W3Schools** for easy-to-follow documentation  

## Contact Me 📫  
I’m always looking for opportunities to grow and collaborate. Connect with me:  
- GitHub: [CHEGEBB](https://github.com/CHEGEBB)  
- Email: [your-email@example.com]  

```

Commit message:

Add challenge 1 design preview image

README.md, after:

# Vue Mastery Journey 🌟  
*A thrilling expedition into the Vue.js landscape*

## About the Repository  
This repository is a personal showcase of my transition from React to Vue.js. It features several Frontend Mentor challenges built using **Vue 3**, inspired by **Net Ninja's tutorials** and **W3Schools**.  

These projects highlight my journey of mastering Vue.js fundamentals like:  
- Directives  
- Forms and validation  
- Single-File Components (SFCs)  
- Vue Router and routing basics  

Each challenge in this repository is designed to be functional, responsive, and visually appealing, showcasing my skills in frontend development.
1.Challenge 1
![Design preview for the Crowdfunding product page coding challenge](./img/desktop-preview.jp)

---

## Deployed Projects 🚀  
Each challenge is deployed and accessible online. Explore the live sites to see my work in action:  


## Learning Resources 📚  
This journey has been powered by:  
1. [Net Ninja's Vue.js Tutorials](https://www.youtube.com/@NetNinja)  
2. [W3Schools Vue Documentation](https://www.w3schools.com/vue/)  
3. [Frontend Mentor Challenges](https://www.frontendmentor.io/)  

---

## Folder Structure 🗂️  
Each project in this repository follows a simple and consistent structure:  

```plaintext
vue-ventures/
├── README.md            # Main repository documentation
├── challenge-1/         # First challenge
│   ├── public/          # Static assets
│   ├── src/             # Vue.js source files
│   ├── vue.config.js    # Vue.js configuration
│   ├── package.json     # Project dependencies
│   └── dist/            # Build folder for deployment
└── challenge-n/         # More challenges
```

---

## Goals 🎯  
This repository serves as a foundation for my growth as a Vue.js developer. My goals include:  
- Mastering basic Vue.js concepts and SFCs  
- Creating accessible and responsive user interfaces  
- Transitioning smoothly to advanced concepts like the **Composition API** and **Vuex**  
- Building robust, scalable web applications  

---

## How to Run Locally 🛠️  
Clone this repository and navigate to any challenge folder to run locally:  

```bash
git clone https://github.com/CHEGEBB/vue-ventures.git
cd vue-ventures/challenge-1
npm install
npm run serve
```

---

## Acknowledgments ❤️  
Big thanks to:  
- **Net Ninja** for concise and comprehensive Vue tutorials  
- **Frontend Mentor** for realistic challenges  
- **W3Schools** for easy-to-follow documentation  

## Contact Me 📫  
I’m always looking for opportunities to grow and collaborate. Connect with me:  
- GitHub: [CHEGEBB](https://github.com/CHEGEBB)  
- Email: [your-email@example.com]  

```
